Israel has been using loudspeakers
overnight telling Palestinians to leave
alifa Hospital in Northern Gaza troops
have been threatening to blow the
building up while people are still
trapped inside food and water has not
been allowed in on Wednesday Israel said
it had killed 90 fighters in the complex
and detained 160 others let's go to
hanim Mahmud he's live for us on the
ground in Rafa hany what can you tell us
about the latest situation at alifa
hospital
yes well quite catastrophic according to
what we heard from people who managed to
evacuate a shifa hospital and spoke to
different media Outlets about the
situation inside the shifa complex where
this really military is still conducting
aggressively inside the hospital already
uh blowing up the specialized surgery
buildings and and a medical Warehouse
containing this some important and
Essential Medical supplies for the
injuries inside the hospital also
several other buildings within the
within the complex itself and the
vicinity caught in fire is given the
intensity of the bombing and the
missiles uh shooting the really military
still targeting uh the vicinity of a
shifa hospital older residential
buildings mly either destroyed or
severely damaged by air strikes or by by
the ongoing tank sh so far based on a
statement by by the Israeli
military 140 people have been killed on
the fourth day of of
this as what it described a precise and
limited operation inside the hospital
but that particular number uh who were
the people that were killed haven't been
independently verified the statement
continued to state that these were a
Hamas elements inside the hospital but
there's no way to verify this
allegations by the Israeli uh military
right now meanwhile intense bombing
campaign continues to uh uh to destroy
the vast majority of the surrounding
area of the hospital and hany we've been
discussing on the program all this
ongoing diplomacy that is going on but
it's the situation on the ground in Gaza
where you are that really matters how
desperately do Palestinians need a
ceasefire right
now very difficult situation
particularly after the latest updates
from a shifa hospital and tie this to
the ceasefire talk isra military warn
charmly evacuates inside the hospital if
they don't leave they will uh blow up
the building very intimidating order for
evacuates to leave uh the hospital right
now but at the same time when we talk
about a ceasefire deal and look at the
ground most of the action the ground
suggest and fits within The Narrative of
ongoing gen genocidal act just gives
people a little bit of hope not entirely
optimistic about this but the hope that
they have almost shattered right now
because uh it's been a while since the
the leak reports about a potential
ceasefire emerged to uh the public but
up till now there is still problems
going on with it there is a mid uh we
are a mid hunger crisis and overcrowded
rafan depletion of essential resources
and life saving items and acute faming
in the northern part where already has
caused the death of 27 children of the
enforced dehydration and
starvation the ceasefire talks seem to
be positive in the news but on the
ground people are very very shattered
and have already lost any sense of
safety as Israel is still continue its
pounding across this trip Han Mahmud ver
in Rafa in southern Gaza